h1. Language Redirect

Redirects to the appropriate language section based on the content encoding preferred by the Web browser.

h2. Version History

* 2/2013 - Radiant 1.1.x compatible, fix deprecations, gemify
* 5/2011 - Radiant 1.0 compatible
* 4/2009 - Radiant 0.8 compatible
* 2/2009 - Radiant 0.7 compatible
* 1/2007 - Intital Import

h2. Installation

* add to your Gemfile:  <code>gem "radiant-language_redirect-extension"</code>
* run bundle

h2. Usage

You can add a "config" part to the page which maps languages to URLs
in the following format:

<pre>
  lang: url
  lang: url
  ...
</pre>

Where "lang" refers to a language code and "url" refers to the URL
which should be redirected to based on the preferred content
encoding of the Web browser.

The following listing is a sample "config" page part:
<pre>
  en: /en/
  ja: /ja/
  *: /en/
</pre>
In this example, when the browser prefers English content it will be
redirected to the "/en/" URL. When it prefers Japanese content it will
be redirected to the "/ja/" URL. In the event that the browser prefers
something other than English or Japanese content, they will be
redirected to the "/en/" URL. This is what the "*" in the last entry
does. URLs can be either relative (without "http://hostname.tld") or
absolute (with "http://hostname.tld").

If no "config" part is specified the behavior will force the page to
redirect to the "/en/" folder.

h2. Credits

Created by "Giovanni Intini":http://tempe.st/about/, maintained by "contributors":https://github.com/intinig/radiant_language_redirect_extension/network 